doc: matter: add ecosystem page (#10213)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/protocols/matter/getting_started/ecosystem_compatibility_testing.rst

.. _ug_matter_gs_ecosystem_compatibility_testing:

> Testing with commerial Matter ecosystems

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Testing with commercial Matter ecosystems
```

########################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

Nordic Semiconductor's Matter platform and Matter applications integrated in the |NCS| follow the most recent versions of the Matter protocol and are interoperable with several commercial Matter ecosystems.

> This interoperability relies on Matter's :ref:`multiple fabrics feature <ug_matter_overview_multi_fabrics>` and leverages Matter's support for using different wireless protocols for different use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Matter allows multiple ecosystems to work with each other thanks to :ref:`multiple fabrics feature <ug_matter_overview_multi_fabrics>`. It also allows of using different wireless protocols for different use cases at the same time (e.g. Thread or Wi-Fi).
```
